Communication
Communication is one of my best skills. Whether talking in person, through email or on the phone, I communicate effectively. 
I've completed multiple group projects while studying. I have worked in a group to design and present a solution to a problem on two occasions. 
The first occasion was at UFV. My group and I needed to design a device to collect algae; the algae was to be used as a food source in a remote village. 
We communicated regularly and delivered the presentation on time. 
The second group project I was a member of was at UVIC. 
My group and I needed to develop a method of reducing single occupancy vehicles in the CRD (Capital Region District) on Vancouver Island.
We used slack to coordinate our group meetings. Often, I was the one initiating discussion about due dates and assignment criteria. 
The course instructor had his students complete smaller preliminary assignments to ensure his students didn't fall behind. 
My group and I never missed a due date while building our solution.

Public Speaking
I'm a confident speaker. I've given multiple presentations throughout university. 
Being a part of the volleyball team also helped me become a better speaker. 
Volleyball gave me plenty of practice being in front of large crowds. 
I have given a total of three oral presentations in my engineering courses. 
My English courses required me to give one group presentation; two speeches presented by myself were also required.

Teamwork
I owe my teamwork abilities to the numerous sports teams I've been a part of. 
I played, throughout high-school, both volleyball and basketball. Most recently, I played on The University of The Fraser Valley men's volleyball team. 
Emotions can run rampant during a match or even practice; conflict between teammates in stressful situations is extremely common. 
However, experiencing tense situations between teammates has allowed me to build excellent teamwork skills. 
I am able to compromise, maintain constructive discussions, and act professionally. My teamwork skills have earned me multiple jobs. 
I have worked at Costco Wholesale Langley and the City of Surrey South Operations Yard. 
Both jobs require you to work effectively with your co-workers in order to complete tasks.